🌐 Language: [EN](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/SECURITY) | [IT](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/it-SECURITY) | [DE](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/de-SECURITY) | [FR](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/fr-SECURITY) | [ES](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/es-SECURITY) | [简体中文](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/zh-CN-SECURITY)
<!-- NAV START -->
Navigation: [Home](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Home)  
Overview: [Changelog](https://github.com/Supergiovane/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) • [FAQ](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/FAQ-Troubleshoot) • [Security](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/SECURITY) • [Docs: Language bar](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Docs-Language-Bar)  
KNX Device: [Gateway](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Gateway-configuration) • [Device](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Device) • [Protections](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Protections)  
Other KNX Nodes: [Scene Controller](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/SceneController-Configuration) • [WatchDog](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/WatchDog-Configuration) • [Logger](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Logger-Configuration) • [Global Context](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/GlobalVariable) • [Alerter](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Alerter-Configuration) • [Load Control](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/LoadControl-Configuration) • [Viewer](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/knxUltimateViewer) • [Auto Responder](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/KNXAutoResponder) • [HA Translator](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HATranslator) • [IoT Bridge](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/IoT-Bridge-Configuration)  
HUE: [Bridge](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Bridge+configuration) • [Light](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Light) • [Battery](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Battery) • [Button](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Button) • [Contact](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Contact+sensor) • [Device SW update](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Device+software+update) • [Light sensor](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Light+sensor) • [Motion](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Motion) • [Scene](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Scene) • [Tap Dial](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Tapdial) • [Temperature](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Temperature+sensor) • [Zigbee connectivity](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/HUE+Zigbee+connectivity)  
Samples: [Logger](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Logger-Sample) • [Switch Light](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Switch-light) • [Dimming](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Dimming) • [RGB color](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---RGB-Color) • [RGBW color + White](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---RGBW-Color-plus-White) • [Command a scene actuator](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Control-a-scene-actuator) • [Datapoint 213.x 4x Setpoint](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---DPT213) • [Datapoint 222.x 3x Setpoint](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---DPT222) • [Datapoint 237.x DALI diags](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---DPT237) • [Datapoint 2.x 1 bit proprity](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---DPT2) • [Datapoint 22.x RCHH Status](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---DPT22) • [Datetime to BUS](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---DateTime-to-BUS) • [Read Status](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Read-value-from-Device) • [Virtual Device](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Virtual-Device) • [Subtype decoded](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Subtype) • [Alexa](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Alexa) • [Apple Homekit](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Apple-Homekit) • [Google Home](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---Google-Assistant) • [Switch on/off POE port of Unifi switch](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---UnifiPOE) • [Set configuration by msg](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample-setConfig) • [Scene Controller node](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Sample-Scene-Node) • [WatchDog node](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/-Sample---WatchDog) • [Global Context node](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/SampleGlobalContextNode) • [Alerter node](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/SampleAlerter) • [Load control node](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/SampleLoadControl) • [Viewer node](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/knxUltimateViewer) • [MySQL, InfluxDB, MQTT Sample](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Sample-KNX2MQTT-KNX2MySQL-KNX2InfluxDB)  
Contribute to Wiki: [Link](/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/wiki/Manage-Wiki)
<!-- NAV END -->
---
# Security Policy
Home automation is not a joke. Please consider all dangers involving the use of this repository to control your home or building.
A single light that remains ON while you're not at home, for example, **can become a serious danger of fire** .<br/>
All unattended devices put your building at risk.<br/>
Not to mention if, for your fault or for a BUG in the knx-ultimate repository, a garage doors closes while a child is sitting inbetween.
The **building security** must be your primary concern.<br/>
Please use knx-ultimate (but it's generally the same for ALL repositories) only to control actuators that have been secured by other certified means.<br/>
For the example above, the garage door must be secured by a **CERTIFIED mechanical or electronical system** , preventing damages to people, animals or things.
The developer of knx-ultimate repository and all developers involved in this project, are not responsible in any way for any damage, as stated in the MIT License you can find [here](https://github.com/Supergiovane/node-red-contrib-knx-ultimate/blob/master/LICENSE).<br/>
## Home automation rules
In my experience, i developed some **best practices** to secure my home from fire, damages and risks for third persons.<br/>
Some interesting things are below, for you. Hope you appreciate that.<br/>
- Install one or more main power switches, that cut off the power in your whole house while you're away, leaving powered only the minimal number of necessary devices (like refirgerator, alarm panel, internet router and so on). If you need some automation while youre away, you can temporarly switch on the main power switch and regain full access. This is worthful to avoid possible hacking of your home by someone having access, for example, to an improperly secured, always powered IOT device.
- Install a redundant internet router using another wan line, for example an LTE connection. In case you lost one wan, you have another one to rely to.
- Find a way to **enter** in your home, even in case of power outages (for example, a phisycal mechanichal key somewhere in the garden).
- Find a way to **exit** your home, even in case of power outages (for example, a phisycal mechanichal key somewhere near your main door).
- Find a way to **escape** from your home in case of bulgary or fire alarm (for example, by means of an extensible ladder from a balcony).
- Use only professional and certified bulgary/fire security system and command it by KNX. Be aware, the KNX part of your security system, becomes a backdoor for possible problems. Never ever allow the KNX node to disarm your security system without a password. If you use a touchscreen, avoid **single button disarm ** capability. Create buttons simulating a security panel**keypad** pression instead.
- Install a **medical emergency ** KNX pushbutton and put it, for example, near your bed. In case of emergency, automatically notify your family or someone that can help you, turn on all significant lights, create a**visible entrance pattern ** for paramedics, unlock doors and the pathway to allow them to reach you even in case you become inconscious. Repeat an audio message to help**paramedics equipe ** , using for example you Sonos speakers, stating**how to find you ** in your home,**who parents to call ** , what pre-existing**diseases** do you have. You can even use Alexa, Siri or Google Home to trigger this KNX pushbutton (see in the example section of the wiki), in case you've a stroke and you can't move.
- Install a **panic** KNX pushbutton
- Take this into consideration: never enter your home in case of someone forces and threats you to do that, expecially if your family is inside. Once you're inside, **the offender can do whatever he wants ** and no one outside can care about you. Install a**panic** button somewhere near your external doors and garages.
- If you've installed external perimeter sensors, light up hour home by means of at least 4 (one for each angle of your home) powerful LEDs projector as soon as someone enters the perimeter at dusk or night.
- Do an announcement via alarm keypads as soon as someone opens a window, external door or blind, even if you're at home.
## REMEMBER: YOU ARE THE ONLY RESPONSIBLE OF THE SECURITY OF YOUR PROPERTY. FOLLOW THE LAW, CONSIDER THIS KNX-ULTIMATE NODE ONLY AS AUTOMATION HELP, RELY ONLY ON CERTIFIED AND MECHANICALLY OR ELECTRONICALLY SECURED AUTOMATION DEVICES. THINK ABOUT YOUR SAFETY. THINK THAT SOMETHING CAN GO WRONG OR FAIL, SO HAVE A BACKUP AND, FOR HEALT AND SAFETY RISKS, HAVE DOUBLE SECURITY BACKUP. ONLY THEN, YOU CAN ENJOY YOUR LIFE WITH THE HELP AND FUN OF HOME AUTOMATION!
